teamschemes/README.md, before:

# Run project locally
1. npm run dev
2. Open http://localhost:5173/teamschemes/

# Latest to FileZilla
1. npm run build
2. Add /dist/index.html, dist/assets/index-XXX.css, dist/assets/index-XXX.js, dist/assets/XXX.svg (new logos)

# Team updates
1. Search for "brand assets / brand guide / style guide / official colors" for official hex & color names
2. Look at Wikipedia color sources to see what they link to
Backup plan: 
3. Use hex codes found in logo
4. Use color names and # of colors from Wikipedia
5. teamcolorcodes.com to corroborate hex codes

# Sources
NFL official (primary) color names:
https://static.www.nfl.com/image/upload/league/apps/league-site/media-guides/2022/2022_NFL_Record_and_Fact_Book.pdf (search "team colors:")

NBA:
maybe search mediacentral + team name like mercury

# React + Vite
npm run dev
This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

Commit message:

Bug fix for teamschemes, unignore dist files so it can autopublish

teamschemes/README.md, after:

# Run project locally
1. npm run dev
2. Open http://localhost:5173/teamschemes/

# Latest to live site
1. npm run build
2. Push latest to master branch and site will auto update in Github Pages

# Team updates
1. Search for "brand assets / brand guide / style guide / official colors" for official hex & color names
2. Look at Wikipedia color sources to see what they link to
Backup plan: 
3. Use hex codes found in logo
4. Use color names and # of colors from Wikipedia
5. teamcolorcodes.com to corroborate hex codes

# Sources
NFL official (primary) color names:
https://static.www.nfl.com/image/upload/league/apps/league-site/media-guides/2022/2022_NFL_Record_and_Fact_Book.pdf (search "team colors:")

NBA:
maybe search mediacentral + team name like mercury

# React + Vite
npm run dev
This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh
